[Music]
Luke Skywalker and Han Solo rescued the
princess destroyed the Death Star but
their story didn't end there
[Music]
now the creators of the biggest smash
hit of all time bring in the next
episode in the Star Wars saga The Empire
Strikes Back
[Music]
continuing story of our band of heroes
Luke Skywalker Princess Leia Han Solo
c-3po r2d2 and Chewbacca and introducing
Lando Calrissian it's an epic of romance
[Music]
of heroes and villains they cross
trackless boys to unknown world
[Music]
a galactic Odyssey against oppression
a big new sprawling space adventure in
the Star Wars saga The Empire Strikes
Back
coming to your galaxy next summer